Presenting UltraARC for Inno Setup

What does the program do?

This program allows you split freearc, sevenzip and winrar archives in so that they may be able to fit in media 
or volume output of your choice, CD700s, DVD5s, DVD9s, BRD25s, BRD50s, doesn't matter, it 
will fit.


How to make the program work?

Set Source

Set First volume content (Optional)

Set options
  -If planning on using CD Image, Bink and etc, just check those items. It will make the feature(s)
   Availiable for use

Configure the Freearc Options and other options if available.

Set output

Remember to always make a backup of the data that is about to be processed by the program.

Click start to begin process


How to use this program for conversions?

It is very simple.

If you want to make the program use the settings you provided or the ones which you want the 
program user to use for the conversion, edit the UltraARC.ini, put the default values.
The default values will be read by the program then they will be set and unavailable to the user
to edit. Any value that is unedited or left blank will be available to user to edit.

Note: providing settings for checkboxes can be overridden with the command yes or no, 1 or 0,
false or true

Example:

[Options]
CDImage=Yes
BinkIt=No

How to unpack the compressed data?

Decompression is handled by an Inno Setup installer that is hooked up with the UltraARC functions.
(There is an example of script)

After having the Inno Setup Installer hooked up with UltraARC, just place it in the first media or 
volume [Hint: records.ini must exist in that directory]

Then you are done, the rest will be handled.

FAQ

Q: What is Inno Setup?
A: It is a setup/installer program created by Jordan Russell
   This is where you can get the software
   http://www.jrsoftware.org

Q: What type of Inno Setup is supported?
A: Both ANSI and Unicode are supported (Also Enhanced is supported)

Q: Why do I keep getting stream errors in program?
A: Perheps writing errors, make sure the program has permissions from PC.
A: Make sure you have enough space.

Q: Why is compression taking long when precomp method is chosen?
A: Precomp takes a long time when compressing/reflating.

Q: What program was used to created UltraARC?
A: RAD Studio XE7 (Delphi)

Q: Why does the program show the message "Cannot start converting process"
A: Either the source directory or output directory does not exist.

Q: What does crunch texture do?
A: Provides lossy compression to dds and crn texture files.

Q: How to know whether game has ogg audio files
A: There is ogg.dll, vorbis.dll file to look for in game directory, and the audio files are normally in 
   the format *.raw but do research to find out more.

Q: What is ISO9660, Joliet and UDF?
A: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_image

Q: What does Threshold percent do?
A: It calculates how much data should be dealt with at a time. Higher threshold requires more disk space
   but may decrease output size.

Credits

Pakrat2k2@Fileforums for testing the program
Jordan Russell, creator of Inno Setup.
ProFrager, creator of ISDone, Precomp, Srep plugin, MSC
Bulat Ziganshin, creator of Freearc and Srep
Christian Schneider, creator of Precomp
Vorbis, creator of OggEncode
RareWare, creator of OggDecode
Microsoft, creator of CDImage (oscdimg)
Rich Geldreich, creator of Crunch Advanced Texture Compression


UltraARC

Created by Razor12911@Fileforums

Copyright Fileforums 2015. All rights reserved.